doc(release): Prepare release notes for oss 21.10.14 (#2180)
centreon/centreon-documentation: i18n/fr/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/version-21.10/releases/centreon-core.md

- [ResourceStatus] Fixed the display of commands in the service details panel.
- [UI] Fixed date picker causing duplicated dates.
- [UI] Fixed an issue where the service icons on the widgets were not visible. 
- [UI] Fixed an issue that caused months to be missing from the calendar selection.
- [Widget] Fixed an issue with "display last comment" option that caused high loads and caused the interface to become unresponsive.

#### Security fixes

- [Configuration] Fixed vulnerabilities in host form.
- [Configuration] Fixed vulnerabilities in services listing.
- [Configuration] Sanitized queries when displaying logos.
- [Configuration] Sanitized queries in service categories.
- [Configuration] Sanitized queries in the list of service groups.
- [Configuration] Sanitized queries in the list of host categories.
- [Configuration] Sanitized queries in the list of meta services.
- [Configuration] Sanitized queries in the list of broker configurations.
- [Configuration] Sanitized queries in the list of commands.
- [Configuration] Sanitized queries in the list of trap groups.
- [Core] Fixed vulnerabilities in ajaxLdapSearch.js file.
- [Core] Fixed vulnerabilities in rename.php.

> - [Core] Fixed vulnerabilities in functions.js file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Core] Fixed vulnerabilities in functions.js file.
```

- [Core] Fixed vulnerabilities in pathway.php.

> - [Core] Fixed vulnerabilities in color_picker_mb.php.

Author: ```suggestion
- [Core] Fixed vulnerabilities in color_picker.php.
- [Core] Fixed vulnerabilities in color_picker_mb.php.
```

- [Core] Fixed vulnerabilities in centreonAPI.class.php.
- [Security] Fixed SQLi in Monitoring Servicegroups widget.
- [Security] Fixed SQLi in legacy monitoring pages.
- [Security] Fixed XSS vulnerabilities in legacy monitoring pages.
- [Security] Fixed XSS vulnerability in service monitoring widget.

#### Others

> - [Monitoring] Removed obsolete code to export of graph in CSV

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Monitoring] Removed obsolete code for exporting a graph in CSV.
```

## Centreon Web

### 21.10.14

> Release date: `March before April, 2023`

Author: ```suggestion
Release date: `March 15, 2023`
```
